Hello!!!
What's up!
How's your day?
My day has been great!
I have a secret
Shhhhh! Don't tell anyone
No one must know!!!
My secret is SECRET!
This is a secret that no one should know about
0 is false and 1 is true, correct?
Did you know? If you type your password here, it will show up like this: ****** Go try it!
Wanna hear a joke?
Not sure if i'm good at programming or good at googling...
There are 10 kinds of people in this world. Those who understand binary. And those who don't.
Programming is like writing a book... Except when you miss a single comma on page 126, the whole thing makes no sense.
A computer science teacher asks the class to turn to page 404. The students search feverishly, to no avail.
What's a hacker's favorite season? Phishing season.
What's the best way to catch a runaway robot? Use a botnet.
How did the vegetable farmer sell his produce on the dark web? He used onion routing.
Why did the programmer leave the camping trip early? There were too many bugs.
What do you tell a hacker after a bad breakup? There are plenty of phish in the sea!
Why do hackers grow their plants with hydroponics? To get root access.
What is the hardest step in a hackers career? 2 step verification.
Why couldn't the hacker cross the sea? The port was closed.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
Are you an exception? Let me catch you.
If they made you in C, you would have a pointer to my heart.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
Girl, are you Wi-Fi? Cuz im feeling the connection!
Here's my number: 0011 0011 1011 0001 0010 1000 0101 1110
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your Facebook?
I am a Boolean method whose love will always return true.
I am the field attribute in your class: I can't exist unless you do.
I think you're my compiler. My life wouldn't start without you.
I'm overheating because you're stuck in my head like an infinite loop.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
If I were a method, you must be my parameter, because I will always need you.
Living with you would be like living in a virtual reality.
Stayhome mother found the cure to cancer! Doctors hate her, what's her secret??
Lose 5kg a week with this new health supplement!!!
Get the new skincare treatment for you! (FREE SPONSOR) Don't miss out this ONCE in a LIFETIME opportunity!
Congratulations! You've won a $1,000 Walmart gift card! Go to http://bit.ly/definitelynotscam to claim your prize now!!!
Amazon is sending you a refund of $888.88! Please reply with your bank account and PIN number to receive your refund!
URGENT! Your grandson was arrested last night in Mexico. Need bail money immediately, Please transfer Bitcoin BTC at http://bit.do/Coinbase432194-632812
Don't blame the server, blame the client :(
Don't blame the system, blame the user :(
